

The hook
	Imagine if you know every local market and their product prices,
	"Prices And Locations, at your fingertips."

Notes

1. From an economic point of view, less food waste means lower waste management costs for organisers and stallholders, 
    as well as increased profit margins associated with the more efficient use of resource inputs and ingredients. 
	Stallholders may also save on costs relating to production and processing, transport, storage and sale.
2. From a social point of view, reducing food waste increases the supply of available food, contributing to food security.
3. Positive environmental outcomes from reducing the amount of organic waste that goes to landfill include the reduction of the 
   greenhouse gas methane and also leachate which can contaminate ground water. Diverting unavoidable food waste back into the food supply chain 
   through feeding to animals or composting also helps recover precious resources essential to the production of food.

   
      
The problem?
	Food wastage sources are - Agriculture, Postharvest, Processing, Retail, Consumption
	34% of foodwaste is in Postharvest, which includes those foods that is in our local markets. (acc to  US Food and Agriculture Organization)
	34% is 430 Million tons, how much is it?
		It is equivalent to 20 years of rice production in the whole philippines.
	That is the food wastage in the whole world on postharvest.
	
	
The target...
	Decrease food wastage in stalls by 100% by Increasing the number of products sold to 100%.
	

The idea?
	Online Market Produce Catalogue
	Now we will apply this idea and redesign how local markets work by creating an 
		Online Market Produce Catalogue which will let the consumers know exactly where to buy something with its prices.
	
	Increasing the sales of the stallholders = reduced food waste = more available foods = food security.
	This will also balance the supply and demand of the produce.
	
The solution?
	Suki....
	 
   
What is it for the stallholders?
	We promise better returns if they join the program. Because the more people to know their store, the more buyers.
	Sellers will own a Product Inventory System that will give them seamless product management with 0 cost.

What is it for the consumers?
	It offers the best prices possible in the market.
	Consumers can request for produce to be prepared before they arrive reducing the time spent in markets.
	
	
Trust us..... why? 
	Because we are a group of skilled developers who's very passionate and dedicated 
		in reducing food waste and helping our people.
	

Timeframe for product development (target)
	1-2	 Months		- Fully Developer Software
	3-6  Months		- Deploy on First City
	7-18 Months		- Expand on Near Cities
	17-* Months		- Nationwide Use

	
	